en/README.md, before:

# Machine learning before coding

This repository was planned for those who don't know how to code, but work or want to work with machine learning 🙃

> If you have no background in data science, check out [this one](https://github.com/leobezerra/pandas-zero) 😎

> Now, if you already code and want a repo with a faster pace, check out [this one](https://github.com/ivanovitchm/IMD1101_Machine_Learning) 😎

### Disclaimer

This is a collaborative repository, created by the students of [Instituto Metrópole Digital](imd.ufrn.br) from [UFRN](ufrn.br).

The author of each notebook is properly acknowledged 😉 

## Choosing a tool

Several tools are available for this profile.

In general, they can be grouped into GUI tools and CLI tools:
- GUI (graphical user interface): All the user interaction is done graphically. These are software like [Orange3](https://orange.biolab.si) and Weka. 
- CLI (command-line interface): User interaction is done through a programming language. The main open source languages used in data science are Python, R, and Julia.

A very nice alternative that gathers a bit of both worlds are interactive notebooks, originally from project Jupyter and currently supported also by Google Colaboratory.

[This post](https://medium.com/@leobezerra_90682/python-r-messi-and-cristiano-d2b5278dbd5a) discusses the main supported languages.

In this repo, we will use notebooks with the Python ecossystem and its main library, scikit-learn.

> The whole material was planned so you don't need to learn how to code, but if you do want to, check out this [this repo](https://github.com/leobezerra/python-zero).

> The notebooks in this repository were either created or translated by the authors indicated.

## Meeting scikit-learn

#### [[leobezerra]](https://github.com/leobezerra) First steps
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/scikit-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/First_steps.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/scikit-zero/master/)


#### [[jonathanjalles]](https://github.com/jonathanjalles)[[leobezerra]](https://github.com/leobezerra) Data preparation: transformations
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/scikit-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/Data_transformation.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/scikit-zero/master/)

<!--

#### [[jonathanjalles]](https://github.com/jonathanjalles)[[leobezerra]](https://github.com/leobezerra) First steps
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/First_steps.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

#### [[natanlimas]](https://github.com/natanlimas)[[babschlott]](https://github.com/babschlott) Dataframes as databases
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/DataframeDB.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

#### [[kallil12]](https://github.com/kallil12)[[eBetcel]](https://github.com/eBetcel) Data analysis and presentation
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/Visualization.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

#### [[mildo]](https://github.com/mildo)[[isaacgdo]](https://github.com/isaacgdo) Extraction, transformation and load (ETL)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/ETL.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

-->

Commit message:

[en] Data preparation: outliers and imputation

en/README.md, after:

# Machine learning before coding

This repository was planned for those who don't know how to code, but work or want to work with machine learning 🙃

> If you have no background in data science, check out [this one](https://github.com/leobezerra/pandas-zero) 😎

> Now, if you already code and want a repo with a faster pace, check out [this one](https://github.com/ivanovitchm/IMD1101_Machine_Learning) 😎

### Disclaimer

This is a collaborative repository, created by the students of [Instituto Metrópole Digital](imd.ufrn.br) from [UFRN](ufrn.br).

The author of each notebook is properly acknowledged 😉 

## Choosing a tool

Several tools are available for this profile.

In general, they can be grouped into GUI tools and CLI tools:
- GUI (graphical user interface): All the user interaction is done graphically. These are software like [Orange3](https://orange.biolab.si) and Weka. 
- CLI (command-line interface): User interaction is done through a programming language. The main open source languages used in data science are Python, R, and Julia.

A very nice alternative that gathers a bit of both worlds are interactive notebooks, originally from project Jupyter and currently supported also by Google Colaboratory.

[This post](https://medium.com/@leobezerra_90682/python-r-messi-and-cristiano-d2b5278dbd5a) discusses the main supported languages.

In this repo, we will use notebooks with the Python ecossystem and its main library, scikit-learn.

> The whole material was planned so you don't need to learn how to code, but if you do want to, check out this [this repo](https://github.com/leobezerra/python-zero).

> The notebooks in this repository were either created or translated by the authors indicated.

## Meeting scikit-learn

#### [[leobezerra]](https://github.com/leobezerra) First steps
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/scikit-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/First_steps.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/scikit-zero/master/)

#### [[leobezerra]](https://github.com/leobezerra) Data preparation: outliers and imputation
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/scikit-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/Outliers_and_imputation.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/scikit-zero/master/)

#### [[jonathanjalles]](https://github.com/jonathanjalles)[[leobezerra]](https://github.com/leobezerra) Data preparation: transformations
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/scikit-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/Data_transformation.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/scikit-zero/master/)

<!--

#### [[jonathanjalles]](https://github.com/jonathanjalles)[[leobezerra]](https://github.com/leobezerra) First steps
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/First_steps.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

#### [[natanlimas]](https://github.com/natanlimas)[[babschlott]](https://github.com/babschlott) Dataframes as databases
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/DataframeDB.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

#### [[kallil12]](https://github.com/kallil12)[[eBetcel]](https://github.com/eBetcel) Data analysis and presentation
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/Visualization.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

#### [[mildo]](https://github.com/mildo)[[isaacgdo]](https://github.com/isaacgdo) Extraction, transformation and load (ETL)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/leobezerra/pandas-zero/blob/master/en/notebooks/ETL.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leobezerra/pandas-zero/master/)

-->
